AI #1336: Refactor entity name references and usage (#1567)
FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec: specification/attributes/string_handling.md

## Requirements

> * String values MUST maintain the original casing, spacing, and other relevant consistency factors as specified by service providers and end-users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* String values MUST maintain the original casing, spacing, and other relevant consistency factors as specified by data generators and end-users.
```
